updated community resource folder (#535)
chaoss/community: community-resources/chaoss-specific-terms.md

# CHAOSS Specific Terms

### **Open Source Community Health**

The potential that an open-source software community continues developing quality software.

### **Open Source Software Metric**

The open-source software metric within the CHAOSS project is a documented way of measuring and tracking the success of any open-source software/community. [**Read more about Open Source Software Metric**](https://chaoss.community/metrics/)

### **Metric Release**

The release of CHAOSS metrics represents the published work being done by CHAOSS Metrics Working Groups. 

### **Focus Area**

The focus area is a set of goals around which any open source software metric is defined. Inside CHAOSS, there are different Working Groups who have defined their own focus area around specific metrics.

### **CHAOSScon**

> CHAOSScon is a conference organized by CHAOSS Community annually which fosters around the topics -  open source project health, CHAOSS updates, use cases, and hands-on workshops for developers, community managers, project managers, and anyone interested in measuring open source project health. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CHAOSScon is a conference organized by CHAOSS Community usually twice a year focused on open source project health, CHAOSS updates, use cases, and hands-on workshops for developers, community managers, project managers, and anyone interested in measuring open source project health. 
```

The CHAOSS Community podcast that elevates conversations about metrics, analytics, and software for measuring open source community health. [**Read more about CHAOSScast**](https://podcast.chaoss.community/).

### **CHAOSSblog**

CHAOSSbog is the CHAOSS community blog hub hosted on the website for which anyone can contribute to getting published on the CHAOSS website. [**You can find CHAOSSblog here**](https://chaoss.community/blog/)

### **CHAOSStube**

It is the central directory - Youtube, where you can find all the recorded community meeting calls that are held within the CHAOSS Community. [**You can find them here**](https://www.youtube.com/c/CHAOSStube/featured)

### 📰 **CHAOSSweekly**

It is the directory where all the weekly newsletters are hosted. [**Read more about CHAOSSweekly**](https://chaoss.community/news/)

### **Working Groups**

A group of people working together to achieve a specific goal. Within the CHAOSS community, these are established and maintained by project contributors to advance project work. Working Groups focus on a specific metric, methodological, ethical, and technical issues associated with open source community health.

# Abbreviations

> Several abbreviation are used within the documentation, website, or Github repositories. Below are the abbreviations with their full forms:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Several abbreviations are used within the documentation, website, or Github repositories. Below are the abbreviations with their full forms:
```
